Hello,

Thank you for your review and for identifying the Guideline 2.1(a) issue.

We have reproduced and fixed the issue reported for build 10, where tapping
"Sign in" or "Create a free account" from Settings could return the reviewer to
the Chat page.

Root cause:

The app supports guest access so users can use the chat without being required
to register. In build 10, the app created an anonymous guest session on launch.
The root navigation logic incorrectly treated that anonymous guest session the
same as a signed-in account session. As a result, when a guest user opened the
native Sign in or Create account screen, the app immediately redirected back to
the Chat tab.

Fix:

1. Anonymous guest sessions are no longer treated as signed-in account sessions
   for auth-screen navigation.

2. The native Sign in and Create a free account screens now remain visible when
   opened from Settings -> Account.

3. When a guest user taps "Sign in" or "Create a free account", the app first
   clears the guest session and then opens the corresponding native auth screen.

4. The same fix was also applied to the Sign in action shown from the model
   selection prompt.

How to verify:

1. Launch the app. It opens into Chat as a guest.
2. Open Settings -> Account.
3. Tap "Sign in".
4. The native Sign in screen remains open and the app does not redirect to Chat.
5. Return to Settings -> Account.
6. Tap "Create a free account".
7. The native Create a free account screen remains open and the app does not
   redirect to Chat.

We also ran TypeScript validation after the fix:

    npm exec tsc -- --noEmit

The check passed with no TypeScript errors.

Best regards,
The Bayze AI Team


中文操作参考:

本次针对 Apple build 10 的 Guideline 2.1(a) 拒审进行修复。

拒审原因:

- 审核员在 Settings -> Account 点击 Sign in 或 Create a free account 后,
  App 被带回 Chat 页面。

根因:

- build 10 启动时会自动创建 guest session。
- 根布局错误地把 guest session 当作真实账号登录态。
- 所以进入登录/注册页面后,被自动重定向回 Chat。

修复:

- auth 导航逻辑现在区分真实账号 session 和 anonymous guest session。
- Settings 里的 Sign in / Create a free account 会先退出 guest session,
  再打开原生登录/注册页。
- 模型选择弹窗里的 Sign in 入口也同步修复。

提交新 build 后,在 Resolution Center 回复 Apple 时可粘贴上面的英文内容。
